The player wakes up in a hospital, not knowing how or why he got there.
You start to roam the hospital. There is no one around... No employees, no patients.
You feel fine and see no point in staying at the hospital, you try to find the exit.
The front entrance is closed, locked down. All exits are locked. What is going on?
You get desperate and try to break yourself out, but there's no point. You're not going anywhere.

OBJECTIVES

From the infirmary, find the lobby, there you will discover that you are alone, and that you are
locked inside the hospital. The eastern wing will become available from that point. You have to solve the
puzzle in the for east wing rooms to unlock the western wing. When you solve the western puzzle, you
unlock the stairwell, which leads to the basement and the roof. When you complete the final puzzle,
you will be able to open the front door and win the game. In the basement is a trapdoor which locks you into
the mortuary. Here you will discover the truth and how to find your way out.
In the meanwhile you will find clues to what might have happened to you.

GAME END

When you open the front door, it is not the outdoors you run into, but a white laboratory. A person
in a white coat presses a button on a device in his hand. He speaks:
"It took him [TOTAL PLAYTIME] this time... He's not improving. Even with all the extra clues we left
out for him. Looks like you're going under again, buddy."
He pushes another button on the device in his hand; a counter changes number. 264 to 265...
Before you can react to what is happening you feel a sharp sting in your upper arm. You
start to go dizzy...

Play again?

WHAT HAPPENED

Some time ago, you were hospitalized with a very severe case of memory loss.
Every time you would go to sleep, you would have forgotten the day before.
The doctors tried everything within their knowledge, but no treatment would work. Every day they
would tell you that you had been in an accident and that your memory loss was only temporary,
when in fact they had no idea what caused it.

Then, after some time, strange things started occurring within the hospital. It first started with random
items mysteriously going missing. After a while more concerning things started happening...
Every day, more and more patients started dying without apparent reason, the doctors were baffled.
Even with all the patients deteriorating, you did not seem to be affected. Eventually the staff
the entire hospital, leaving you behind. They decided that you would either be the cure to save
everyone, or that you were the one causing harm to others.

Every day you are being experimented on and tested. You are the ultimate test subject, because
of your condition. The doctors are desperately trying to find out what makes you so special, and
what you can mean for mankind.